Each SM in a GPU is designed to support concurrent execution of hundreds of threads, and there
are generally multiple SMs per GPU, so it is possible to have thousands of threads executing 
concurrently on a single GPU. When a kernel grid is launched, the thread blocks of that kernel grid are
distributed among available SMs for execution. Once scheduled on an SM, the threads of a thread
block execute concurrently only on that assigned SM. Multiple thread blocks may be assigned to the
same SM at once and are scheduled based on the availability of SM resources. Instructions within
a single thread are pipelined to leverage instruction-level parallelism, in addition to the thread-level
parallelism you are already familiar with in CUDA.


CUDA employs a Single Instruction Multiple Thread (SIMT) architecture to manage and execute
threads in groups of 32 called warps. All threads in a warp execute the same instruction at the same
time. Each thread has its own instruction address counter and register state, and carries out the current 
instruction on its own data. Each SM partitions the thread blocks assigned to it into 32-thread
warps that it then schedules for execution on available hardware resources.


The SIMT architecture is similar to the SIMD (Single Instruction, Multiple Data) architecture. Both
SIMD and SIMT implement parallelism by broadcasting the same instruction to multiple execution
units. A key difference is that SIMD requires that all vector elements in a vector execute together in
a unifi ed synchronous group, whereas SIMT allows multiple threads in the same warp to execute
independently. Even though all threads in a warp start together at the same program address, it is
possible for individual threads to have different behavior.


Giga Thread: The Giga thread engine is a global scheduler that distributes thread blocks to the SM warps schedulers.


Concurrent kernel execution allows programs that execute a number of small kernels to fully utilize the GPU.
Concurrent kernel execution makes the GPU appear more like a MIMD architecture from the programmer’s perspective.

Dynamic Parallelism: it allows the GPU to dynamically launch new grids. With this feature, any kernel can launch another kernel and manage any
inter-kernel dependencies needed to correctly perform additional work. This feature makes it easier
for you to create and optimize recursive and data-dependent execution patterns.

Hyper-Q: it adds more simultaneous hardware connections between the CPU and GPU, enabling CPU
cores to simultaneously run more tasks on the GPU. As a result, you can expect increased GPU utilization and reduced CPU idle time 